---
slug: missing-links-chatgpt
title: ChatGPT doesn't like links
authors: [pskaggs]
tags: [chatgpt, links, lazy]
---

For those who think AI will be the big killer of creativity and writing from the jump, let me put your mind at ease some.  

I've been using ChatGPT Plus to write the majority of the content on here. Mostly the articles and a good chunk of the lists. This weekend, my plan was to read through most of the content and make updates. Unfortunately, that got sidetracked by the unbelievable amount of missing and broken links.

For some reason, when asked to provide links for further reading or lists, ChatGPT gave me repeated URLs or simply broken ones. I expected this to happen from time to time, but I would say this was **about 50-60% of the links** across the whole site. Maybe more. 🤷

I won't complain too much. It was still faster than writing and linking everything on my own, but it's interesting to see the sheer laziness of GPT-4. I've seen some [**complain about it**](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChatGPTPro/comments/186hdd7/gpt_4_is_super_lazy_recently/) but had yet to experience myself. 

So, fair warning. If you are planning to use ChatGPT or any other AI to replace your writing, know that you will still need to read and edit the work. Heavily. 

I didn't get to editing the content, but you should know that Machinelee is open source. Meaning we welcomes contributions made to the site. Please feel free to become part of our community. 

I'm pretty sure I missed some links.